
"job_title": "Programmer - Game Development + Web Front End."

job_summary": "We’re building a real-time 3D game designed to visualise AI workflows, GPU operations, and large-scale compute infrastructure in an interactive and engaging way. 
If you’re passionate about game engines, advanced 3D rendering, and making complex technical systems more intuitive through visualisation, this role is for you. 
We’re hiring across Junior, Senior, and Principal levels to develop high-performance, interactive 3D environments that bring AI and GPU workloads to life. 
What You’ll Work On: Developing a 3D game that serves as an interactive tool for visualising AI and GPU compute operations Real-time simulation & physics programming to represent 
large-scale compute processes 3D engine programming – working with rendering pipelines, shaders, and technical art for high-performance visualisation Custom rendering & effects – 
building real-time visual feedback for AI training, GPU utilisation, and system operations Optimising large-scale interactive environments for seamless user experience and high 
frame rates Gameplay programming – designing intuitive interactions that allow users to explore and understand AI infrastructure Multi-user experience – supporting multiplayer or 
collaborative features for team-based AI system visualisation UI/UX design for interactive dashboards and visualisation tools Your Core Background ✅✅ Experience with developing 
3D and interactive browser experiences (e.g., Svelte, Three.js, WebGL) ✅✅ Proficiency in game engine development (Unity/Unreal Engine/custom/other - for clarity we’re working 
with our own engine in browser not a commercial engine) ✅✅ Strong background in real-time rendering, physics simulation, and game mechanics ✅✅ Experience with complex data v
isualization (e.g., massive-scale data, compute clusters, global networking) Nice to haves ✅ Expertise in shader programming, custom rendering pipelines, and technical art for 
WebGL ✅ Ability to optimize performance for smooth real-time interaction ✅ Experience with multiplayer networking and large-scale simulation is a plus ✅ Familiarity with GPU 
operations and AI infrastructure concepts Non-Engineering Responsibilities (Optional But Valuable) 🎮 Game & Interaction Design – creating engaging ways to explore complex compute 
systems 🎨 3D Art & Animation – developing assets that represent real-world AI and GPU environments 🎵 Audio Engineering – integrating sound to enhance immersion in the 3D 
visualization experienceOur culture 🚀 We move fast. We ship weekly—new features, improvements, and fixes go live fast. 👥 We test big. Every month, we stress test with large 
groups of users face to face, get real-world feedback, and iterate rapidly. 💻 We build together. On site only, in SF or Sydney 🔄 We iterate relentlessly. Direct user feedback 
shapes our roadmap—we release, test, refine, and keep moving. ✈️ We travel when needed. Engineers may travel between SF and Sydney to run events and meet with clients 
📍Location: SF or Sydney (OG startup house vibe, great food, late nights, all the GPUs) Equipment & Benefits Top spec Macbook + separate GPU cluster dev environments for each engineer. 
Weekly cash bonus when you workout out 3+ times a week. Comprehensive health benefits, including a choice of Kaiser, Aetna OAMC, and HDHP (HSA-eligible) plans for our SF-based 
team members. Highest in the world 20 year exercise window for options Don’t have all the skills? Apply anyway! We’re looking for people who move fast, learn fast, and ship fast. 
If that’s you, let’s talk. 
Want to get to know us first? Attend one of our upcoming events. Show more Show less"

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"job_title": "UI/UX Designer",

"job_summary": "Amper is a rapidly growing IoT startup that helps manufacturers unleash their potential with modern software to run operations. 
We build a simple but powerful platform that helps manufacturers reduce costs, increase visibility, and drive efficiency. We believe in keeping things simple and easy to 
understand—our culture and products reflect that. For example, it takes just minutes to self-install Amper on any kind of industrial machine—like a consumer device, without 
the traditional hassle of integration. Our vision is to build the market-leading FactoryOS to enable cutting-edge operations, and we are investing in the next level of growth across 
our GTM and product teams. We are a venture-backed startup with a distributed team and HQ in Chicago. The role ... We’re expanding our product team and looking for a UI/UX Designer 
to play a key role in shaping the user experience of our platform. You’ll work closely with product managers and engineers to design intuitive, user-friendly solutions that help 
anufacturers streamline their operations. You’ll be responsible for research, wireframing, prototyping, and final visual designs—helping to ensure a seamless and engaging experience 
for our users. You’ll say “no” to complexity and advocate for simplicity. This is a remote-friendly role with the option to work from our Chicago or San Francisco offices. We support 
flexible work while valuing the collaboration and speed that come from working together in person. 
You’ll Enjoy Working At Amper If You Have a strong appetite for the unfamiliar; that 
includes solving complex UX challenges in industrial and SaaS environments. Believe that being helpful and humble are just as important as technical know-how. Can teach the things you 
know well and acknowledge what you can learn from others. Are excited about designing tools that drive real-world impact in manufacturing. What You'll Do... Own the end-to-end UI/UX 
design process, from research and wireframing to high-fidelity designs and prototyping. Collaborate with product managers and engineers to define and refine product experiences. 
Conduct user research, usability testing, and stakeholder interviews to inform design decisions. Translate complex workflows into intuitive, user-friendly interfaces. Ensure consistency 
in UI components and interactions across the platform. Advocate for the user while balancing business goals and technical constraints. Stay up-to-date on industry trends and best 
practices to drive innovation. R
equirements 5+ years of UI/UX design experience, in SaaS or B2B products. Strong portfolio showcasing experience in interaction design, user research, 
and visual design. Proficiency in Figma, Sketch, or similar design tools. Ability to create wireframes, user flows, and high-fidelity mockups. Strong understanding of usability 
principles, accessibility, and responsive design. Outstanding communication skills, with the ability to present and justify design decisions. Experience collaborating closely with 
engineers and product teams to implement designs. Strong problem-solving ability; able to simplify complex workflows into elegant solutions. Preferred Qualifications Experience 
designing for industrial, IoT, or data-heavy applications. Familiarity with Locations and Affordances design concepts. Basic understanding of front-end development principles 
(HTML, CSS, JavaScript) to bridge design and engineering. Why Join Amper? Be part of a mission-driven company transforming the manufacturing industry. Collaborate with a dynamic, 
innovative team that values creativity and impact. Enjoy competitive compensation, benefits, and opportunities for growth. Compensation & Benefits The range of annual base salary 
for full-time employees for this position is $120,000-150,000 per year. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related 
knowledge, skills, and experience. Amper provides a comprehensive benefits package, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k), unlimited paid time off, and early-stage 
stock option equity. Show more Show less",

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


"job_title": "Data Engineer"

"job_summary": "Responsibilities Design and build efficient data pipelines to support data ingestion, integration, and processing. 
Manage and optimize data storage and database systems, including both RDBMS and NoSQL databases. Ensure high standards of data quality and reliability, 
implementing validation and cleaning processes. Collaborate closely with stakeholders to support analytics and machine learning projects. Lead initiatives to 
enhance operational efficiency and scalability of data architectures. Ensure strict compliance with data governance and security standards. Skills & Qualifications 
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Information Technology, or a related field. Proficiency in programming languages: Python, Java/Scala, SQL. 
Solid understanding of database systems, including RDBMS and NoSQL databases. Experience with cloud platforms: AWS, Google Cloud Platform, Azure. Proficiency with ETL tools 
and processes. Strong communication skills for effective project coordination. Leadership abilities for team management. Innovative problem-solving and time management skills. 
Continuous learner with a track record of staying ahead of industry standards and certifications. What We Offer Dynamic Work Environment: Work on exciting projects that have a 
real impact. Growth Opportunities: With our commitment to training and development, you'll have the chance to enhance your skills and advance your career. Innovative Culture: 
Be part of a team that's pushing boundaries and setting trends in the industry. Flexible Work Arrangements: Embrace the flexibility of working from our central Munich office or 
from the comfort of your home, supporting work-life balance. Competitive Benefits Package: Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package designed to support your health, wellness, and 
financial security. Central Location and Remote Flexibility: Whether you prefer the buzz of city life or the quiet of a remote location, we accommodate your preferred work setting. 
About Us Based in the heart of Munich, Vollcom Digital emerges as a vanguard in the realm of IT services and consulting, tailored specifically for mid-sized to enterprise-level 
organizations seeking to navigate the complexities of digital transformation. Our mission is to empower businesses with cutting-edge technology solutions that drive efficiency, 
innovation, and scalability. Show more Show less",

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   
name = IT Security Engineer

"job_summary": "At Gunderson Dettmer, you’ll find people passionate about making an impact while working alongside pioneering founders and innovators. 
In addition to offering competitive salaries, we also offer an excellent benefits package, which includes comprehensive medical, dental and vision coverage; 
401(k) Profit Sharing Plan; Flexible Spending Account, Paid Time Off and fertility and family building support. Gunderson Dettmer has an opening for a full-time 
IT Security Engineer . We leverage the latest security products and services and correlate multiple telemetry points to furnish a continuous picture of our security readiness. 
The person filling this role will understand and integrate layers of (sometimes overlapping) technology against the widest array of possible attack vectors while also s
upporting the Firm’s goals to achieve and maintain industry-recognized security certifications. We are looking for a person with utmost dedication to the discipline of 
information security and the ability to communicate thoughtfully and concisely across security compliance, risk management, and various technical security domains. This 
position reports directly to the Director of Enterprise Infrastructure and will work in collaboration with the Office of General Counsel, and Information Governance team 
to identify the Firm’s ongoing security needs and drive necessary efforts for securing the Firm’s complex environment. Job Responsibilities Plan, develop, implement and 
update the Firm’s information security strategy to include thorough documentation of the cybersecurity architecture. Design, develop, execute and track the performance of 
security measures (hardware, software, systems) to protect information and network infrastructure and computer systems. Identify, define and document system security weaknesses 
and threats and recommend solutions to management. Configure, troubleshoot and maintain security infrastructure software and hardware. Research, assess and recommend security 
products that monitor systems and networks for security breaches and intrusions. Monitor systems daily for security events and alerts through both organic and SIEM-generated log 
analysis and provide operational support to the greater information security team. Develop and implement alerting and detection strategies to identify unusual behaviors. Assist 
the Office of General Counsel in achieving compliance with and maintenance of industry standard security certifications, such as SOC 2 and ISO 27001. Lead efforts in preparation 
for third-party audits, including gathering evidence, maintaining compliance documentation, and working with auditors. Assist the Office of General Counsel to educate and train 
staff on information security best practices. Be responsible for evidence collection, documentation, communications, and reporting for all forensic activities including incident 
response and investigations. Stay updated on evolving security regulations, threats, and best practices to enhance security posture. Required Knowledge, Experience, Skills, And 
Abilities The candidate who will best fill this role will come to us having traversed any number of paths. We want the candidate to join us because they see an organization deeply 
committed to information security, both in terms of emphasis and resources. The successful candidate will impress us in many ways, including with: Proficiency in secure network 
architectures, encryption technologies and standards, web application security, cloud security, cybersecurity technologies and web-based protocols. Working knowledge in identity 
and access management principles, vulnerability management, social engineering, Advanced Persistent Threats (APTs) and cybersecurity countermeasures. Experience with conducting 
risk assessments and security audits and working with stakeholders to mitigate identified risks. Fundamental knowledge of all aspects of a professional service firm’s computing 
and communications systems with an eye for how they can be breached and ways we can protect them. Strong interpersonal skills that establish and sustain close working relationships
 with functional teams and subject matter experts as well as IT technical, development, and support personnel. Understanding and respect for confidentiality and privacy, with strong 
 ethics and compliance aptitude. Exceptional oral and written communication skills and expertise with policy writing, crafting educational and impactful emails and other materials. 
 Ability to translate complex technical jargon into understandable and actionable messages. Minimum Qualifications Candidate must have a degree in Computer Science, Information Systems 
 or related field or equivalent relevant experience. Familiarity with information security standards, including ISO 27001, 27002, CIS Benchmarks, NIST and others. Demonstrated ability 
 to gain skills, knowledge and certifications as needed. Any of the following certifications are helpful in the role: Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), 
 Certified Internal Systems Auditor (CISA), or Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH). Status Full Time, Exempt. Hybrid Schedule The expected starting salary for this position is $140,000 
 - $175,000 annually, dependent upon qualifications, experience and location. Gunderson Dettmer is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or 
 applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other 
 federal, state or local protected class. Show more Show less"

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"job_title": "Data Scientist"

"DESCRIPTION     If you are interested in this position, please apply on Twitch's Career site https://www.twitch.tv/jobs/en/  About Us:  Twitch is the world’s biggest live streaming service,
 with global communities built around gaming, entertainment, music, sports, cooking, and more. It is where thousands of communities come together for whatever, every day. We’re about community,
  inside and out. You’ll find coworkers who are eager to team up, collaborate, and smash (or elegantly solve) problems together. We’re on a quest to empower live communities, so if this 
  sounds good to you, see what we’re up to on LinkedIn and X, and discover the projects we’re solving on our Blog. Be sure to explore our Interviewing Guide to learn how to ace our 
  interview process.  About the Role  Data is central to Twitch's decision-making process, and data scientists are a critical component to evangelize data-driven decision making in 
  all of our operations. As a data scientist at Twitch, you will be on the ground floor with your team, shaping the way performance is measured, defining what questions should be asked, 
and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business, leading the way for high quality, high velocity decisions for your team.  The Marketing Data Science team is
looking for a Data Scientist to support the Campaigns team. For this role, we're looking for a data scientist to partner with the Campaigns team in ideating, executing, and measuring
Marketing campaigns. Reporting to the Manager of Marketing Data Science, you will be responsible to define and track KPIs, use data to run campaigns, run A/B tests, build dashboards, 
and perform data analysis. You will work with our team out of our office in San Francisco, CA!  You Will        Measure marketing campaign success by creating KPIs, dashboards, and
analysis reports.    Ideate, execute, and analyze A/B tests.    Inform strategies and prioritization through insights derived from in-depth data analysis    Leverage statistical 
and analytic models to uncover insights and segmentations that drive the business forward and help us uncover new opportunities    Develop automated dashboards and other self-service 
reporting tools to surface important data to stakeholders    Perks       Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance    401(k)    Maternity & Parental Leave    Flexible PTO    
Amazon Employee Discount         BASIC QUALIFICATIONS     Bachelor's degree in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study; Master's degree preferable   
1+ years of experience as a data scientist or data analyst   Experience with A/B testing   Expert fluency in SQL-based data manipulation   Experience using Python for data analysis 
Experience building aggregates and optimizing data workstreams   High level of comfort creating dashboards      PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS     Familiarity with Twitch and/or the creator 
content ecosystem   Twitch is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.  
Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence 
 despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, 
and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the 
duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully 
with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we 
will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified
applicants with arrest and conviction records.  Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace
accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit 
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.  
Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $97,500/year in our lowest geographic market up 
to $185,000/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and 
experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a
total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit 
https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"job_title": "AI Engineer"

"About Loop  Loop is on a mission to unlock profits trapped in the supply chain and lower costs for consumers. Bad data and inefficient workflows create friction that 
limits working capital and raises costs for every supply chain stakeholder.  Loop’s modern audit and pay platform uses our domain-driven AI to harness the complexity 
of supply chain data and documentation. We improve transportation spend visibility so companies can control their costs and power profit. That is why industry leaders 
like J.P. Morgan Chase, Great Dane, Emerge, and Loadsmart work with Loop.  Our investors include J.P. Morgan, Index Ventures, Founders Fund, 8VC, Susa Ventures, Flexport, 
and 50 industry-leading angel investors. Our team brings subject matter expertise from companies like Uber, Google, Flexport, Meta, Samsara, Intuit, Rakuten, and long-standing 
industry leaders like C.H. Robinson.  About The Role  Loop is growing its AI team and you’ll have the opportunity to build both AI models and features that directly impact Loop’s 
business. You will face and solve many complex technical challenges while you receive guidance and feedback from the team. The range of work here is broad, you can work on everything 
from training and deploying in-house multimodal LLMs, scaling our inference infrastructure, or building out and shipping backend features. In doing so, you’ll have the opportunity to 
define how the AI and broader Loop team will grow.  What you will work on  Our primary focus has been on document extraction and understanding, where we utilize multimodal LLMs to 
extract, normalize, and link data together into our domain model. As Loop’s customers rely on Loop to ingest and normalize highly accurate data, we hold ourselves to a high standard 
to build models with a very high level of accuracy. In tandem, Loop’s machine learning platform requires a high degree of reliability and scalability, and we expect our training and 
inference volume to scale several orders of magnitude in the coming year. Going forward, Loop will expand its AI capabilities, expanding into other areas such as workflow automation 
and audit, where we will utilize agents to tackle these problems.  This role can span multiple domains:    ML modeling – training, evaluating, and deploying models.  ML infrastructure – 
scaling data infrastructure, training, or inference, improving reliability of ML systems at Loop.  AI engineer – utilizing and orchestrating API LLM models to solve business problems 
at Loop.  Backend engineering – building out atomic tasks, general backend work in the servicing or automation domain.   Some projects you might work on:    Scaling up throughput of Loop’s 
inference engine through continuous batching.  Developing ways to fine-tuning multimodal LLMs to reduce hallucinations.  Build out an agent that audits freight invoices.   Qualifications    
1+ years of hands-on experience in deep learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, Tensorflow, etc.)  Solid understanding of fundamental ML algorithms, especially LLMs.  Experience fine-tuning LLMs 
and deploying them to production or building out agentic systems.  Ability to ship high-quality code to production.  Experience in cloud environments (AWS, Google, Azure).  
Strong communication skills and willingness to collaborate in a cross-functional team environment with domain experts.  Keep up to date with the latest AI research.   Nice to Have    
Prior startup experience.  End-to-end experience building out machine learning models and features."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"job_title": "DevOps Engineer"

"About Air Apps
At Air Apps, we believe in thinking bigger&mdash;and moving faster. We&rsquo;re a family-founded company on a mission to create the world&rsquo;s first AI-powered Personal &amp; Entrepreneurial Resource Planner (PRP), and we need your passion and ambition to help us change how people plan, work, and live. Born in Lisbon, Portugal, in 2018&mdash;and now with offices in both Lisbon and San Francisco&mdash;we&rsquo;ve remained self-funded while reaching over 100 million downloads worldwide.
Our long-term focus drives us to challenge the status quo every day, pushing the boundaries of AI-driven solutions that truly make a difference. Here, you&rsquo;ll be a creative force, shaping products that empower people across the globe.
Join us on this journey to redefine resource management&mdash;and change lives along the way.
Responsibilities
Design, implement, and maintain CI/CD pipelines to automate build, test, and deployment processes.
Manage and optimize cloud infrastructure on AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
Implement Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using tools like Terraform, CloudFormation, or Pulumi.
Deploy and manage containerized applications using Docker and Kubernetes.
Monitor system performance, identify bottlenecks, and improve infrastructure reliability.
Establish and enforce security best practices, including identity management, logging, and vulnerability management.
Work with development teams to improve deployment efficiency and troubleshoot infrastructure issues.
Optimize cloud resource utilization to ensure cost-effectiveness and scalability.
Automate infrastructure provisioning, configuration management, and system maintenance.
Stay up-to-date with emerging DevOps technologies, tools, and best practices.
Requirements
Around 3+ years of experience in DevOps, Site Reliability Engineering (SRE), or Cloud Engineering.
Strong expertise in CI/CD tools (Jenkins, GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, CircleCI, ArgoCD).
Experience with cloud services (AWS, Azure, or GCP) and serverless computing.
Proficiency in Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools like Terraform, CloudFormation, or Pulumi.
Hands-on experience with containerization and orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes, Helm).
Strong knowledge of Linux-based systems, networking, and security best practices.
Scripting skills in Bash, Python, or Go for automation.
Experience with monitoring and logging tools (Prometheus, Grafana, ELK, Datadog).
Understanding of cloud cost optimization, scalability, and high-availability architectures.
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work in an agile, fast-paced environment.
What benefits are we offering?
Apple hardware ecosystem for work.
Annual Bonus.
Medical Insurance (including vision &amp; dental).
Disability insurance - short and long-term.
401k up to 4% contribution.
Air Stipend of $3,120/year, paid over 12 monthly installments (for home office, learning, wellness, etc.).
Air Conference 2025 in Las Vegas &ndash; an opportunity to meet the team, collaborate, and grow together.
Diversity &amp; Inclusion
At Air Apps, we are committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. We enthusiastically welcome applicants from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We celebrate diversity in all its forms and believe that varied voices and experiences make us stronger.
Application Disclaimer
At Air Apps, we value transparency and integrity in our hiring process. Applicants must submit their own work without any AI-generated assistance. Any use of AI in application materials, assessments, or interviews will result in disqualification.
Compensation Range: $109K - $194K"



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"job_title": "Research Scientist, Robotics Systems"

"At Meta, we&rsquo;re building the future of human connection and the technology that enables it. This means continuously inventing and developing technologies for the next 
generation of experiences. To continue our efforts in the path to AGI, and as we move closer to a future with intelligent robots and advanced AI models, we're hiring talent across 
a broad range of disciplines from robotics hardware to system software, machine perception, and artificial intelligence. These crucial projects and initiatives taken on by this team 
have never been done before, so you have a rare opportunity to help us create new ways people connect around the world. Meta Robotics Studios is seeking a Research Scientist who will 
do research &amp; applied research to help lead concept innovation, design, development, and prototyping of novel robotics design and development, including electro-mechanical design 
and/or perception to control problems, as well as complex robotics that balance ergonomics, performance, reliability, and usability while maintaining the highest safety and quality standards. 
This role will be part of a cross-collaborative team responsible for initial concept development, analytical modeling, prototype design, construction, and testing; and it may involve 
research into Electro-mechanics, Sensor &amp; Communication, and/or Planning &amp; Control.
Research Scientist, Robotics Systems Responsibilities:
Conduct research advancing novel robotics design and development, including new components and/or processes that guide toward production-ready systems.
Drive the Robotics roadmap, exploring forward-looking ways to accelerate novel robotic architectures.
Design and Development: research mechanical and electrical design and analysis problems for robotics structure, new sensors, mechanisms, power transmissions, communication hardware/firmware and systems integration while balancing ergonomics, performance, reliability.
Research and design planning and control algorithms for executing actions to motors integrating sensors and actuations, frequently interacting with the Large Model (VLM/VLA) AI team and Mechatronics team.
Perform experiments of real and simulation robotic systems and debug the supporting parts manufacture, working with internal and external partners to support part fabrication and complex custom sub assembly.
Assembly of robot: hands-on partnership in the lab integrating research with construction of sub-assemblies into full system-level robot prototypes.
Failure analysis: build subsystem test fixtures, design tests, create test plans, perform tests, measure and analyze data, and refine design assumptions.
Develop novel mechanical contact sensors and research to understand the mechanics of materials.
Develop novel non-contact sensors and research to understand the underlying physics behind the sensors.
Develop communication hardware and firmware software.
Research and develop characterization/training sensors and calibration.
Research and design feedback controllers around the sensors and actuators.
Research and develop a planning algorithm that involves perception and collision avoidance.
Research and design feedback controllers around the sensors.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience
1+ years experience in Robotics, Electro-Mechanical Design, Sensor &amp; Communications, or a similar field.
PhD degree or equivalent experience in Robotics, Physical AI, or a similar field.
Experience designing complex electromechanical assemblies (robotics, automotive, aerospace, industrial automation or a similar domain).
Experience with Robotics and consumer electronic product design.
Experience with more than one of the following: motor design and control, digital control theory, optimization algorithms, feedback control algorithms, chip-level sensor design, gear-ratio optimization, dynamic system ID and machine learning.
Experience with organizational and analytical skills, driving technical strategy and execution in a fast-paced, high ambiguity environment.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with manufacturing processes and materials.
Experience in developing power electronics components for robotics systems (battery, power management circuit, and motor driver - field oriented control).
Experience with SOLIDWORKS, Siemens NX or similar CAD tools.
Experience in Convex Optimization tools and theories.
Experience in Machine Learning tools.
Proficient in C++ or Python programming.
Extensive knowledge of traditional mass production manufacturing processes, including the potentials and limitations of injection molding, metal injection molding, CNC, sheet metal, elastomer compression molding, die casting, thixomolding, multi-layer board fabrication, surface mount technology, and/or flexible printed circuit fabrication.
Experience with automation equipment design and custom machine builds.
Experience in statistical process control.
Experience working in CM, JDM, and ODM/OEM development models.
Experience with simulation tools conducting Finite element analysis: Structural, Modal.
Experience collaborating closely with a cross-functional team of scientists &amp; engineers to deliver technical solutions to novel problems, communicating and collaborating across disciplines.
.....

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"job_title": "Cybersecurity Solutions Engineer - Entry Level"

"Darktrace has more than 2,500 employees located globally. Founded by mathematicians and cyber defence experts in 2013, Darktrace is a global leader in cyber security AI, delivering 
complete AI-powered solutions in its mission to free the world of cyber disruption. For over a decade, Darktrace has pioneered a proactive, AI-native approach to security. Our roots lie 
deep in innovation. The Darktrace AI Research Centre based in Cambridge, UK, has conducted research establishing new thresholds in cybersecurity, with technology innovations backed by over 
200 patents and pending applications. Today, Darktrace is a global leader in cybersecurity AI, delivering the essential cybersecurity platform to protect organisations today and for an 
ever-changing future. What will I be doing: Following the rapidly continued growth of our customer base, Darktrace are looking to add to our team of Solutions Engineers. These fast-paced, 
technical and customer facing roles support our sales teams in ensuring customer needs are met. You will use your expertise to provide technical pre-sales and post-sales support, partnering 
with Account Executives and Customer Success Managers to drive revenue growth and further the adoption of our products. These roles offer accelerated career development and numerous 
opportunities for personal advancement. You’ll be provided with extensive training and support and you build upon your existing skills in this role. You’ll be the go-to technical point 
of contact between clients, partners and internal teams here at Darktrace, providing your passion and expertise on our cutting edge cyber security solutions to become a trusted advisor to 
our clients. Your technical excellence will be highly valued as you meet client and internal team needs, ultimately leading to increased revenue and client satisfaction. This role also 
includes; Working alongside the sales teams in meeting with clients regularly through the full end-to-end sales processes, being accountable for the delivery of POV (Proof of Value) 
engagements. Presenting Threat Intelligence Reports and advice to a variety of audiences, from technical teams to C-level Executives. Designing and building custom client integrations 
and defining solution architectures. What experience do I need: We welcome applications from candidates that come from a technical background with existing sales engineer experience in 
pre-sales/post-sales engagements. However this role would also suit technical graduates who have graduated with a computer science or similar degree and looking for a challenging technical 
client facing role that bridges technology and the business. Ideally you’ll have an avid interest in cybersecurity with a strong knowledge of network and security devices/systems (e.g. Cisco, 
Juniper, Firewalls, IDA, IPS, SIEM as well as knowledge of TCP/IP and common networking protocols). You’ll also likely have: Excellent interpersonal skills (written and verbally) 
and the ability to share complex technical information in a compelling way, The ability to work as part of a team in an innovative and fast-paced environment while delivering to deadlines, 
The ability to build long lasting business relationships, Fluency in English and German is essential. Please apply with your CV and a cover letter. Benefits we offer: 28 days’ holiday + 
all national public holidays, Additional day off for your birthday, Occupational pension, AD&Di-Insurance, Life insurance, Employee Assistance Program. Show more Show less"


--------------------------------------------------------------------------


"job_title": "Senior Softwareentwickler"

"Konzept Informationssysteme GmbH has been a successful software and systems house for over 30 years and currently employs around 150 people at ten locations in Germany and Switzerland. 
We develop systems and components and provide IT development services as part of high-tech projects. Your qualifications Successfully completed studies in computer engineering or a 
technical or scientific degree program Several years of professional experience in the above-mentioned area of responsibility desirable Sound knowledge of current software development 
concepts and tools as well as common programming languages such as C++, C, C#, Java Business fluent German (C1/C2) and very good English skills Ideally experience in project implementation 
and development of safety-critical software according to common standards Independent and structured way of working as well as a strong analytical understanding of complex topics 
Flexibility with regard to the scope of tasks and on-site deployment at our customers' premises Team spirit and good communication skills as well as a confident and competent manner 
in the customer environment, Independent performance of requirements analyses and derivation of software concepts and specifications Design and implementation of software components 
Verification of the software solution in accordance with the specified requirements Creation of technical documentation What you can expect A broad spectrum of high-tech topics in various 
industries in an attractive customer environment The opportunity to work on a mobile basis Work-life balance: Flexible working hours, time off is time off, special leave days, joint 
activities, sporting activities and events Health and retirement benefits A highly qualified and motivated team Short decision-making paths thanks to flat hierarchies Communication at 
eye level An open and appreciative corporate culture Active internal knowledge transfer: learning from each other Exciting and varied tasks Further training opportunities Our benefits at 
a glance Show more Show less"
