Agile Robots SE
Share
Show more options
Tech Lead - AI Researcher (m/f/d) @audEERING GmbH
Munich, Bavaria, Germany
·
1 week ago
·
24 people clicked apply
On-site
Full-time
Mid-Senior level
Skills: Künstliche Intelligenz (KI)
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to 24 others who clicked apply.
Try Premium for €0
Apply
Save
Save Tech Lead - AI Researcher (m/f/d) @audEERING GmbH at Agile Robots SE
Tech Lead - AI Researcher (m/f/d) @audEERING GmbH
Agile Robots SE · Munich, Bavaria, Germany (On-site)
Apply
Save
Save Tech Lead - AI Researcher (m/f/d) @audEERING GmbH at Agile Robots SE
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Pouya and others in your network
Show all
About the job
About the role
Agile Robots SE has acquired a majority stake in
audEERING GmbH
in 2025. This vacancy is to be filled at audEERING GmbH, either in Munich or in Berlin.
audEERING GmbH team is seeking an experienced research leader for the Audio AI Research team to drive the development of innovative speech and language technologies.
In this role, you will be responsible for defining the research direction, aligning it with the companies strategic and business goals, and leading the innovation, training and evaluation of advanced language, voice, and speech AI models.
This position offers a unique technical leadership opportunity with a clear focus on technical contributions.
If you’re passionate about pushing the boundaries of speech technology and making a tangible impact, this is your chance to shape groundbreaking work in the field of speech technology and human machine interaction.
Your Responsibilities
Define and drive the research strategy in alignment with company strategy and business goals, setting ambitious yet achievable milestones to lead the team’s pioneering efforts in speech AI and voice interaction.
Set and elevate research and engineering standards through hands-on technical work, directly contributing to the development of our codebase and running key experiments.
Mentor and guide a team of researchers at various levels to explore new approaches, understand and question existing state-of-the-art methods, and pursue innovative solutions beyond conventional paths.
Manage scientific dissemination, invention disclosure, protection of intellectual property, and academic publications in accordance with company strategy.
Support the management team in identifying and translating research opportunities into product innovations.
Essential Skills
Proven experience leading research or engineering teams on high-impact, long-term projects - from defining the research scope and roadmap to execution and delivering results on time via product demonstrations, scientific reports or publications
5+ years post-PhD hands-on experience in machine learning research as an individual contributor, which led first author publications at top-tier conferences (e.g., NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, ACL, EMNLP, Interspeech and ICASSP)
1+ year of experience working with cross-functional product and business team
PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, or related field
Empathy and a humble, curious mindset with deep respect for collaboration and diverse expertise; excellent team player, problem solver and goal achiever
Excellent communication skills, capable of articulating complex technical concepts to diverse audiences, from junior researchers to C-level non-technical stakeholders
Ability to work in a fast-evolving field, dynamic work environment and to deliver on time
Deep understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence, including training algorithms, evaluation and statistics especially for textless speech models, transformers and other (recurrent) neural network architectures
Strong proficiency in Python and PyTorch (or closely related frameworks), with extensive experience in implementing and optimizing machine learning workloads
Experience in developing large-scale multimodal language models or conversational speech systems
Experience in distributed, parallel training on large-scale computing clusters, e.g. with major cloud computing providers such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, or Oracle
What we offer
A dynamic, highly qualified and diverse team in which your contributions are reflected directly in our products and used by our international customer base
Flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes
Exciting and varying tasks for our product portfolio
Excellent working environment, modern office space and flexible working hours with the option of mobile working
Close connection to academic research (EU and national projects) and a highly innovative company
Team and company events
Free drinks, coffee, tea & fruit and snacks
Qualifications
Stand out by adding skills associated with the job post
Skills added by the job poster
1 skill missing on your profile
Künstliche Intelligenz (KI)
Add skills you have to your profile to stand out to the employer.
Add skills
Show qualification details
Job search faster with Premium
Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more
Yange and millions of other members use Premium
Try Premium for €0
1-month free trial. Cancel whenever. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.
About the company
Agile Robots SE
23,753 followers
Follow
Automation Machinery Manufacturing
1,001-5,000 employees
396 on LinkedIn
Agile Robots SE is a world-class provider of
next-generation automation solutions. By combining
artificial intelligence and robotics, the company makes
industries smarter, more flexible, and more efficient.
Founded in Munich in 2018 by renowned robotics
researchers from the German Aerospace Center (DLR),
Agile Robots has experienced rapid global growth.
Today, more than 2,300 highly skilled robotics and AI
enthusiasts are employed in Germany, China and India.
The company has one of the largest research and
development teams in the AI and robotics industry.
Agile Robots has built a unique portfolio, together with
the subsidiaries Franka Robotics, BÄR Automation, and
the joint venture with BMW, idealworks, the company
covers all areas of AI-driven robotics.
Agile Robots SE  - Plinganserstraße 134 - 81369 Munich - Germany
Privacy Policy: https://www.agile-robots.com/privacy-policy/
Imprint: https://www.agile-robots.com/imprint/
…
show more
Show more