Joby Aviation
Share
Show more options
(Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/f/d)
Greater Munich Metropolitan Area
·
5 days ago
·
73 applicants
Hybrid
Full-time
Associate
Skills: Softwareentwicklung, Docker-Produkte, +4 more
See how you compare to 73 applicants.
Try Premium for €0
Easy Apply
Save
Save (Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/f/d) at Joby Aviation
(Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/f/d)
Joby Aviation · Greater Munich Metropolitan Area (Hybrid)
Easy Apply
Save
Save (Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/f/d) at Joby Aviation
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Amazon Web Services (AWS) logo
Company alumni from Amazon Web Services (AWS) and others in your network
Show all
Meet the hiring team
Emily Aurea Jahnke
3rd
Be the pilot of your career and take off with the Joby Team!
Job poster
Message
About the job
Located in Northern California, the team at Joby Aviation is driven by our goal of creating an affordable, all-electric air transportation system. Imagine a piloted air taxi that takes off vertically, then quietly carries you and your fellow passengers over the congested city streets below, enabling you to spend more time with the people and places that matter most. Since 2009, our team has worked steadily to make this dream a reality. We’ve designed and tested many generations of prototype aircraft capable of serving in a network of electric air taxis. We’re looking for talented, committed individuals to join our team as we push onwards toward certifying the Joby aircraft with the Federal Aviation Administration, scaling our manufacturing, and launching our initial commercial service
As an integral member of our Factory Systems team in
Munich
, you will play a leading role in bringing the production of our eVTOL to Industry 4.0. You will be responsible for conception and development of services interacting with everything from large production machines to users and everything in between, driving automation and coherence to existing regulations in this new type of industry. With your development skills, you will drive the integration of our production machines and the connection to all related production data, significantly advancing automation to the greatest extent possible.
Be the pilot of your career and take off with and join the Joby team as:
(Senior) DevOps Engineer (m/f/d)
As a DevOps Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in ensuring the seamless operation of our global manufacturing facilities by designing and managing the build, test and deployment processes used in the Factory Systems team. This role is responsible for ensuring the smooth operation of our Kubernetes-based infrastructure as well as CI/CD pipelines and therefore bridging the gap between the development and the delivery of our components. Furthermore, you will be instrumental in setting up and maintaining the databases that underpin our services, developing a robust and scalable data infrastructure, including backup and mirroring processes, to support our growing global operations.
Our organization takes pride in its global presence, with facilities spanning multiple international locations. As such, the Factory Systems Engineering team is characterized by its international focus and collaborative spirit. We welcome candidates who are eager to contribute to a global team and thrive in a multicultural environment.
Your tasks in detail:
Design, implement and maintain our CI/CD pipelines
Manage and optimize our cloud infrastructure and services in multiple regions, including deployment, scaling and monitoring of microservices
Ensure the reliability and performance of our on-premises components, including VMs and containerized applications
Further enhance a fully integrated monitoring, alerting and logging system
Deploy, maintain and monitor various databases of the system, including backup and recovery strategy
Collaborate closely with developers to ensure stability and reliability of our products
Automate infrastructure-related tasks, using IaC tools
Your profile in detail:
Bachelor’s degree or degree in computer science or equivalent
Minimum 3 years of experience in a DevOps Engineering or similar
In-depth knowledge of containerization using Docker, Kubernetes, Helm etc.
Experience with CI/CD pipelines, preferably using GitHub Actions and ArgoCD
Proficiency in scripting languages, preferably Python
Well-versed in Infrastructure as code tools, such as Ansible or Terraform
Strong understanding of cloud computing, preferably with Azure
Familiarity with monitoring and logging systems, such as Prometheus and ELK
Solid understanding of security principles and best practices
Proven ability in deploying and maintaining various database types
Excellent communication and collaboration skills to use in our international work environment
Close familiarity with agile development methodologies and version control systems
Experience or general interest in a manufacturing environment is a plus
Our offer to you:
Long-term collaboration with permanent employment contract with 30 days vacation per year
Secure job in an international company that is supported by well-known investors
Varied challenges with the latest technologies and innovations
Flexible working hours and location (on-site & home office)
Encouragement of your willingness to perform and take responsibility with internal and external further training
Attractive salary package consisting of a fixed salary and employee participation in the form of restricted stock options
Subsidiarized Lunch (7 EUR per day from Mon-Fri)
Salary extra in the form of a voucher card
Public transport allowance or car travel allowance
Kindergarten allowance of Euro 100 per child
Regular (amazing) team events
Sounds exciting? Then please send us your application stating your notice period and salary expectations. A traditional cover letter is not mandatory.
We look forward to hearing from you!
Qualifications
1 skill matches your profile. Stand out by adding other skills you have.
Skills added by the job poster
1 skill on your profile
Softwareentwicklung
5 skills missing on your profile
DevOps, Docker-Produkte, Industrie 4.0, Python (Programmiersprache), and Terraform
Add skills you have to your profile to stand out to the employer.
Add skills
Show qualification details
Job search faster with Premium
Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more
Yange and millions of other members use Premium
Try Premium for €0
1-month free trial. Cancel whenever. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.
About the company
Joby Aviation
145,482 followers
Follow
Airlines and Aviation
1,001-5,000 employees
1,660 on LinkedIn
Joby is a California-based company building quiet, all-electric aircraft to connect people like never before. Quiet as a conversation and with the ability to take off and land vertically, the Joby aircraft will change the way we move while reducing the acoustic and climate footprint of flight.
…
show more
Interested in working with us in the future?
Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates.
Learn more
Learn more about Interested in working for our company
I’m interested
Company photos
Page 1 of 2
Previous
Next
January 20, 2023
January 20, 2023
January 20, 2023
Show more