Infineon Technologies
Share
Show more options
Working Student : MLOps Tooling and Platform Engineering for Generative AI (f/m/div)
Munich, Bavaria, Germany
·
2 weeks ago
·
Over 100 people clicked apply
Hybrid
Full-time
Internship
Skills: Englisch, Programmieren, +8 more
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply.
Try Premium for €0
Apply
Save
Save Working Student : MLOps Tooling and Platform Engineering for Generative AI (f/m/div) at Infineon Technologies
Working Student : MLOps Tooling and Platform Engineering for Generative AI (f/m/div)
Infineon Technologies · Munich, Bavaria, Germany (Hybrid)
Apply
Save
Save Working Student : MLOps Tooling and Platform Engineering for Generative AI (f/m/div) at Infineon Technologies
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Zakhar-Toma and others in your network
Show all
About the job
You are interested in MLOps and AI infrastructure and want to gain practical experience in our Design Enabling and Services team in a DAX40 company? Then apply and make life easier, safer and greener with us! We are looking forward to your application!
Job Description
Data is everything: You will implement ML use cases on our AI infrastructure for testing
Shape the future: You will evaluate and implement the proof-of-concept of AI MLOps tools which includes the area of Generative AI
Take responsibility: You will evaluate MLOps tools, document your findings and be able to discern the Pros and Cons of what each tool offers. You also will translate these findings into features for our MLOPs platform, and demonstrate them to the team during our knowledge-sharing sessions
Teamwork is dreamwork: You will support our team and participate in using agile SCRUM techniques
Your Profile
Study field: You are currently studying Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology or similar
Skills: You are familiar with programming in Python and Docker and Kubernetes, and you are interested in MLOps and AI infrastructure (AI/ML/GenAI)
Experience: You have experience in end to end ML projects
Personality: You have good interpersonal skills and ability to work in a diverse team with a diverse skillset
Way of working: You enjoy working independently as well as in a team
Language skills: You have good English skills, both written and spoken. German is a plus
Please attach the following documents to your application:
CV in English
Certificate of enrollment at university
Latest grades transcript (not older than 6 months)
High school report
Important information:
Working part-time: The focus is on studies. Therefore, working student is possible during the lecture period with a maximum of 20 hours per week.
Proper students (according to the German law) are welcome: You must be enrolled, and the examination results or modules of your studies must not have been completed yet, so that you can still work in our team for at least 6 months. You must also not be in a semester of leave.
You should live close to the site: It is important for us to work with you on site and to integrate you into the team. You should therefore be able to come to the site regularly.
Contact:
Mafalda Porto.
#WeAreIn for driving decarbonization and digitalization.
As a global leader in semiconductor solutions in power systems and IoT, Infineon enables game-changing solutions for green and efficient energy, clean and safe mobility, as well as smart and secure IoT. Together, we drive innovation and customer success, while caring for our people and empowering them to reach ambitious goals. Be a part of making life easier, safer and greener.
Are you in?
We are on a journey to create the best Infineon for everyone.
This means we embrace diversity and inclusion and welcome everyone for who they are. At Infineon, we offer a working environment characterized by trust, openness, respect and tolerance and are committed to give all applicants and employees equal opportunities. We base our recruiting decisions on the applicant´s experience and skills.
Please let your recruiter know if they need to pay special attention to something in order to enable your participation in the interview process.
Click here
for more information about Diversity & Inclusion at Infineon.
Qualifications
4 skills match your profile. Stand out by adding other skills you have.
Skills associated with the job post
Identified by LinkedIn
4 skills on your profile
Deutsch, Englisch, Informatik, and Programmieren
6 skills missing on your profile
Interpersonelle Fähigkeiten, Language Skills, MLOps, Maschinelles Lernen, Schreiben, and Zwischenmenschliche Kommunikation
Add skills you have to your profile to stand out to the employer.
Add skills
Show qualification details
Job search faster with Premium
Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more
Yange and millions of other members use Premium
Try Premium for €0
1-month free trial. Cancel whenever. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.
About the company
Infineon Technologies
777,446 followers
Follow
Semiconductor Manufacturing
10,001+ employees
40,954 on LinkedIn
Semiconductors are crucial to solve the energy challenges of our time and shape the digital transformation. This is why Infineon is committed to actively driving decarbonization and digitalization. As a global semiconductor leader in power systems and IoT, we enable game-changing solutions for green and efficient energy, clean and safe mobility, as well as smart and secure IoT. We make life easier, safer, and greener. Together with our customers and partners. For a better tomorrow.
Together, with more than 58,000 people from over 100 countries, we are not just shaping the future. We are redefining it. We engineer innovative products, while caring for our people and empowering them to reach ambitious goals. We offer work-life balance, long term growth and a supportive environment where individuality is celebrated.
#WeAreIn for driving decarbonization and digitalization. Are you in?
…
show more
Interested in working with us in the future?
Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates.
Learn more
Learn more about Interested in working for our company
I’m interested
Trending employee content
Page 1 of 4
Previous
Next
Show more