BCG X
Share
Show more options
Data Scientist, Internship, Germany - BCG X
Munich, Bavaria, Germany
·
Reposted
44 minutes ago
·
Over 100 people clicked apply
Internship
Skills: Programmieren, Data Science, +8 more
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply.
Try Premium for €0
Apply
Save
Save Data Scientist, Internship, Germany - BCG X at BCG X
Data Scientist, Internship, Germany - BCG X
BCG X · Munich, Bavaria, Germany
Apply
Save
Save Data Scientist, Internship, Germany - BCG X at BCG X
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Amazon Web Services (AWS) logo
Company alumni from Amazon Web Services (AWS) and others in your network
Show all
Meet the hiring team
Alina Semmer
3rd
EMESA Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist at BCG X
Message
About the job
Locations
: München | Berlin | Frankfurt
Who We Are
Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we help clients with total transformation-inspiring complex change, enabling organizations to grow, building competitive advantage, and driving bottom-line impact.
To succeed, organizations must blend digital and human capabilities. Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives to spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting along with technology and design, corporate and digital ventures—and business purpose. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, generating results that allow our clients to thrive.
We Are BCG X
We’re a diverse team of more than 3,000 tech experts united by a drive to make a difference. Working across industries and disciplines, we combine our experience and expertise to tackle the biggest challenges faced by society today. We go beyond what was once thought possible, creating new and innovative solutions to the world’s most complex problems. Leveraging BCG’s global network and partnerships with leading organizations, BCG X provides a stable ecosystem for talent to build game-changing businesses, products, and services from the ground up, all while growing their career. Together, we strive to create solutions that will positively impact the lives of millions.
What You'll Do
Our BCG X teams own the full analytics value-chain end to end: framing new business challenges, designing innovative algorithms, implementing, and deploying scalable solutions, and enabling colleagues and clients to fully embrace AI. Our product offerings span from fully custom-builds to industry specific leading edge AI software solutions.
You'll be part of our rapidly growing team who will have a chance to apply data science methods and analytics to real-world business situations across a variety of industries to drive significant business impact. You'll have the chance to partner with clients in a variety of BCG regions and industries, and on key topics like climate change, enabling them to design, build, and deploy new and innovative solutions.
Additional responsibilities will include developing and delivering thought leadership in scientific communities and papers as well as leading conferences on behalf of BCG X. Successful candidates are intellectually curious builders who are biased toward action, creative, and communicative.
We Are Looking For Dedicated Individuals With a Passion For Data Science, Statistics, Operations Research And Redefining Organizations Into AI Led Innovative Companies. Successful Candidates Possess The Following
Comfortable in a client-facing role with the ambition to lead teams
Likes to distill complex results or processes into simple, clear visualizations
Explain sophisticated data science concepts in an understandable manner
Love building things and are comfortable working with modern development tools and writing code collaboratively (bonus points if you have a software development or DevOps experience)
Significant experience applying advanced analytics to business situations and a proven ability to synthesize complex data
Deep understanding of modern machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinnings, and can translate this into business implications for our clients
Have strong project management skills & ability to work collaboratively in diverse teams
Excellent oral and written communication skills in both German and English (C1/C2)
#BCGXjob
What You'll Bring
Requirements
Currently enrolled in a university master’s or PhD degree program in Computer Research Science, Data Science, Statistics, Operations Research, or related field - please provide all academic certificates (A-level, Bachelor, Master)
Technologies
Programming Languages: Python
#BCGXjob
Additional info
Join the Group
Are you ready to take the next step in your career? Apply now and become part of a community of forward-thinkers. Here, challenges and collaboration go hand in hand, your ideas are valued, and your potential knows no bounds. Let’s work together to develop innovative solutions and create a lasting impact on businesses and society.
Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws.
BCG is an E - Verify Employer.
Click here
for more information on E-Verify.
Qualifications
1 skill matches your profile. Stand out by adding other skills you have.
Skills associated with the job post
Identified by LinkedIn
1 skill on your profile
Programmieren
9 skills missing on your profile
Analytik, Data Science, Deep Learning, Künstliche Intelligenz (KI), Maschinelles Lernen, Mathematik, Python (Programmiersprache), Schriftliche Kommunikation, and Statistik
Add skills you have to your profile to stand out to the employer.
Add skills
Show qualification details
Job search faster with Premium
Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more
Yange and millions of other members use Premium
Try Premium for €0
1-month free trial. Cancel whenever. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.
About the company
BCG X
294,723 followers
Follow
Business Consulting and Services
1,001-5,000 employees
2,264 on LinkedIn
BCG X is the tech build & design unit of BCG.
Turbocharging BCG’s deep industry and functional expertise, BCG X brings together advanced tech knowledge and ambitious entrepreneurship to help organizations enable innovation at scale.
With nearly 3,000 technologists, scientists, programmers, engineers, and human-centered designers located across 80+ cities, BCG X builds and designs platforms and software to address the world’s most important challenges and opportunities.
Teaming across our practices, and in close collaboration with our clients, our end-to-end global team unlocks new possibilities. Together we’re creating the bold and disruptive products, services, and businesses of tomorrow.
…
show more
Show more