Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Share
Show more options
2025 Applied Scientist Internship, Amazon University Talent Acquisition
Munich, Bavaria, Germany
·
Reposted
1 week ago
·
Over 100 people clicked apply
Full-time
Internship
Skills: Informatik, Algorithmen, +8 more
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply.
Try Premium for €0
Apply
Save
Save 2025 Applied Scientist Internship, Amazon University Talent Acquisition at Amazon Web Services (AWS)
2025 Applied Scientist Internship, Amazon University Talent Acquisition
Amazon Web Services (AWS) · Munich, Bavaria, Germany
Apply
Save
Save 2025 Applied Scientist Internship, Amazon University Talent Acquisition at Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Khaled and others in your network
Show all
About the job
Description
Are you a MS or PhD student interested in a 2025 Internship in the field of machine learning, deep learning, speech, robotics, computer vision, optimization, quantum computing, automated reasoning, or formal methods? If so, we want to hear from you!
We are looking for students interested in using a variety of domain expertise to invent, design and implement state-of-the-art solutions for never-before-solved problems.
You can find more information about the Amazon Science community as well as our interview process via the links below;
https://www.amazon.science/
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/career-programs/university/science
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/university-roles/applied-science
Key job responsibilities
As an Applied Science Intern, you will own the design and development of end-to-end systems. You’ll have the opportunity to write technical white papers, create roadmaps and drive production level projects that will support Amazon Science.
You will work closely with Amazon scientists, and other science interns to develop solutions and deploy them into production. You will have the opportunity to design new algorithms, models, or other technical solutions whilst experiencing Amazon’s customer focused culture.
The ideal intern must have the ability to work with diverse groups of people and cross-functional teams to solve complex business problems.
A day in the life
At Amazon, you will grow into the high impact, visionary person you know you’re ready to be. Every day will be filled with developing new skills and achieving personal growth.
How often can you say that your work changes the world? At Amazon, you’ll say it often. Join us and define tomorrow.
Some more benefits of an Amazon Science internship include;
All of our internships offer a competitive stipend/salary
Interns are paired with an experienced manager and mentor(s)
Interns receive invitations to different events such as intern program initiatives or site events
Interns can build their professional and personal network with other Amazon Scientists
Interns can potentially publish work at top tier conferences each year
About The Team
Applicants will be reviewed on a rolling basis and are assigned to teams aligned with their research interests and experience prior to interviews.
Start dates are available throughout the year and durations can vary in length from 3-6 months for full time internships.
This role may available across multiple locations in the EMEA region (Austria, Estonia, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Spain, UAE, and UK).
Please note these are not remote internships.
Basic Qualifications
Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language
Enrolled in a PhD or Master's degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Engineering, Operations Research, Statistics or related fields
Preferred Qualifications
Have publications at top-tier peer-reviewed conferences or journals
Experience in designing experiments and statistical analysis of results
Experience implementing algorithms using toolkits and self-developed code
Experience in solving business problems through machine learning, data mining and statistical algorithms
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.
m/w/d
Company
- Amazon Web Services Development Center Germany GmbH - R28
Job ID: A2792045
Qualifications
1 skill matches your profile. Stand out by adding other skills you have.
Skills associated with the job post
Identified by LinkedIn
1 skill on your profile
Informatik
9 skills missing on your profile
Algorithmen, Data Science, Deep Learning, Java, Künstliche Intelligenz (KI), Maschinelles Lernen, Mustererkennung, Python (Programmiersprache), and Statistik
Add skills you have to your profile to stand out to the employer.
Add skills
Show qualification details
Job search faster with Premium
Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more
Yange and millions of other members use Premium
Try Premium for €0
1-month free trial. Cancel whenever. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.
About the company
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
10,043,182 followers
Following
IT Services and IT Consulting
10,001+ employees
142,506 on LinkedIn
Launched in 2006, Amazon Web Services (AWS) began exposing key infrastructure services to businesses in the form of web services -- now widely known as cloud computing. The ultimate benefit of cloud computing, and AWS, is the ability to leverage a new business model and turn capital infrastructure expenses into variable costs. Businesses no longer need to plan and procure servers and other IT resources weeks or months in advance. Using AWS, businesses can take advantage of Amazon's expertise and economies of scale to access resources when their business needs them, delivering results faster and at a lower cost.
Today, Amazon Web Services provides a highly reliable, scalable, low-cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses in 190 countries around the world. With data center locations in the U.S., Europe, Singapore, and Japan, customers across all industries are taking advantage of our low cost, elastic, open and flexible, secure platform.
…
show more
Interested in working with us in the future?
Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates.
Learn more
Learn more about Interested in working for our company
I’m interested
Show more