Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Share
Show more options
2025 Graduate Software Dev Engineer
Munich, Bavaria, Germany
·
Reposted
6 days ago
·
Over 100 people clicked apply
Full-time
Entry level
Skills: Informatik, Programmieren, +8 more
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply.
Try Premium for €0
Apply
Save
Save 2025 Graduate Software Dev Engineer at Amazon Web Services (AWS)
2025 Graduate Software Dev Engineer
Amazon Web Services (AWS) · Munich, Bavaria, Germany
Apply
Save
Save 2025 Graduate Software Dev Engineer at Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Khaled and others in your network
Show all
About the job
Description
Do you want to solve business challenges through innovative technology? Do you enjoy working on cutting-edge, scalable services technology in a team environment? Do you like working on industry-defining projects that move the needle?
At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. The intense focus we have on our customers is why we are one of the world’s most beloved brands – customer obsession is part of our company DNA.
Our Software Development Engineers (SDEs) use cutting-edge technology to solve complex problems and get to see the impact of their work first-hand.
If this is you, come chart your own path at Amazon!
The challenges SDEs solve for at Amazon are big and impact millions of customers, sellers, and products around the world. We’re looking for individuals who are excited by the idea of creating new products, features, and services from scratch while managing ambiguity and the pace of a company whose ship cycles are measured in weeks, not years.
Key job responsibilities
Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring to market innovative products and services.
Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment and help lead fundamental changes in the industry.
Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative technologies at incredible scale and speed.
Build distributed storage, index, and query systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, low cost, and easy to manage/use.
Work in an agile environment to deliver high quality software.
Basic Qualifications
Graduated less than 12 months ago or about to complete a Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields at time of application
Although no specific programming language is required – you should be familiar with the syntax of languages such as Java, C/C++, or Python
Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals such as object-oriented design, algorithm design, data structures, problem solving and complexity analysis.
Preferred Qualifications
Previous technical internship(s) if applicable
Experience with distributed, multi-tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databases
Experience in optimization mathematics such as linear programming and nonlinear optimisation
Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions
Adept at handling ambiguous or undefined problems as well as ability to think abstractly.
EU Student Programs Team
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (
https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page
) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.
m/w/d
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit
https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations
for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
Company
- Amazon Web Services Development Center Germany GmbH - R28
Job ID: A2769612
Qualifications
3 skills match your profile. Stand out by adding other skills you have.
Skills associated with the job post
Identified by LinkedIn
3 skills on your profile
Computertechnik, Informatik, and Programmieren
7 skills missing on your profile
C (Programmiersprache), C++, Java, Objektorientiertes Design, Problemlösung, Programmiersprachen, and Python (Programmiersprache)
Add skills you have to your profile to stand out to the employer.
Add skills
Show qualification details
Job search faster with Premium
Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more
Yange and millions of other members use Premium
Try Premium for €0
1-month free trial. Cancel whenever. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.
About the company
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
10,043,133 followers
Following
IT Services and IT Consulting
10,001+ employees
142,506 on LinkedIn
Launched in 2006, Amazon Web Services (AWS) began exposing key infrastructure services to businesses in the form of web services -- now widely known as cloud computing. The ultimate benefit of cloud computing, and AWS, is the ability to leverage a new business model and turn capital infrastructure expenses into variable costs. Businesses no longer need to plan and procure servers and other IT resources weeks or months in advance. Using AWS, businesses can take advantage of Amazon's expertise and economies of scale to access resources when their business needs them, delivering results faster and at a lower cost.
Today, Amazon Web Services provides a highly reliable, scalable, low-cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses in 190 countries around the world. With data center locations in the U.S., Europe, Singapore, and Japan, customers across all industries are taking advantage of our low cost, elastic, open and flexible, secure platform.
…
show more
Interested in working with us in the future?
Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates.
Learn more
Learn more about Interested in working for our company
I’m interested
Show more