Qualcomm
Share
Show more options
Research Engineer - Machine Learning for Video Compression
Munich, Bavaria, Germany
·
Reposted
1 week ago
·
Over 100 people clicked apply
Full-time
Skills: Informatik, Programmieren, +8 more
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply.
Try Premium for €0
Apply
Save
Save Research Engineer - Machine Learning for Video Compression at Qualcomm
Research Engineer - Machine Learning for Video Compression
Qualcomm · Munich, Bavaria, Germany
Apply
Save
Save Research Engineer - Machine Learning for Video Compression at Qualcomm
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Amazon Web Services (AWS) logo
Company alumni from Amazon Web Services (AWS) and others in your network
Show all
About the job
Company
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Video Standards Engineering
General Summary
Qualcomm's Multimedia R&D and Standards Group is seeking a candidate for the position of Video Compression Research Engineer with a focus on machine learning for video compression. You join a world-renowned team of video compression experts who develop algorithms, hardware architectures, and systems for state-of-the-art applications of classical and machine learning methods in video compression, video processing, point cloud coding and processing, AR/VR and computer vision use cases. The ideal candidate will be a highly self-directed individual with strong creative and analytic skills, and a passion for machine learning and video compression technologies. Your work will involve developing innovative applications of Neural Networks in video compression to enhance state-of-the-art video codecs. This role offers the opportunity to contribute to groundbreaking advancements in video compression technology, working alongside a team of experts in a dynamic and collaborative environment.
We are considering candidates with various levels of experience. We are flexible on location and open to hiring anywhere, with preferred locations in USA, Germany and Taiwan.
Responsibilities
Contribute to the conception, development, implementation, and optimization of new Neural Networks based algorithms allowing improved video compression.
Represent Qualcomm in the related standardization forums: JVET, MPEG Video, and ITU-T/VCEG.
Document and present new algorithms and implementations in various forms, including standards contributions, patent applications, conference papers and presentations, and journal publications, etc.
Ideal Candidate Would Have The Skills/experience Below
Knowledge of Neural Networks based data compression, and the theory, algorithms, and techniques used in video and image coding.
Experience in video compression standards, such as VVC/H.266 or HEVC/H.265, is a significant benefit.
Track record of successful research accomplishments demonstrated through published papers at leading conferences, and/or patent applications in the field of applications of Machine Learning to image or video compression.
Excellent programming skills including Python and C/C++ combined with knowledge of at least one machine learning framework such as PyTorch.
Strong written and verbal English communication skills, great work ethic, and ability to work in a team environment to accomplish common goals.
PhD degree with relevant work experience or publications in the areas of video compression, video/image processing algorithms, or machine learning.
Qualifications
PhD or Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or similar fields.
1+ years of experience with programming language such as C, C++, MATLAB, etc.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or related field and 4+ years of Software Engineering, Hardware Engineering, Systems Engineering, or related work experience.
OR
Master's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or related field and 3+ years of Software Engineering, Hardware Engineering, Systems Engineering, or related work experience.
OR
PhD in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or related field and 2+ years of Software Engineering, Hardware Engineering, Systems Engineering, or related work experience.
Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer. If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, rest assured that Qualcomm is committed to providing an accessible process. You may e-mail disability-accomodations@qualcomm.com or call Qualcomm's toll-free number found
here
. Upon request, Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. (Keep in mind that this email address is used to provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. We will not respond here to requests for updates on applications or resume inquiries).
To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies
: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
Qualcomm expects its employees to abide by all applicable policies and procedures, including but not limited to security and other requirements regarding protection of Company confidential information and other confidential and/or proprietary information, to the extent those requirements are permissible under applicable law.
Pay Range And Other Compensation & Benefits
$148,300.00 - $222,500.00
The above pay scale reflects the broad, minimum to maximum, pay scale for this job code for the location for which it has been posted. Even more importantly, please note that salary is only one component of total compensation at Qualcomm. We also offer a competitive annual discretionary bonus program and opportunity for annual RSU grants (employees on sales-incentive plans are not eligible for our annual bonus). In addition, our highly competitive benefits package is designed to support your success at work, at home, and at play. Your recruiter will be happy to discuss all that Qualcomm has to offer – and you can review more details about our US benefits at this
link
.
If you would like more information about this role, please contact
Qualcomm Careers
.
3071230
Qualifications
2 skills match your profile. Stand out by adding other skills you have.
Skills associated with the job post
Identified by LinkedIn
2 skills on your profile
Informatik and Programmieren
8 skills missing on your profile
C (Programmiersprache), C++, Data Science, Künstliche Intelligenz (KI), Maschinelles Lernen, Mustererkennung, Physik, and Python (Programmiersprache)
Add skills you have to your profile to stand out to the employer.
Add skills
Show qualification details
Job search faster with Premium
Access company insights like strategic priorities, headcount trends, and more
Yange and millions of other members use Premium
Try Premium for €0
1-month free trial. Cancel whenever. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.
About the company
Qualcomm
1,748,993 followers
Follow
Telecommunications
10,001+ employees
47,429 on LinkedIn
Delivering intelligent computing everywhere.
Interested in working with us in the future?
Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates.
Learn more
Learn more about Interested in working for our company
I’m interested
Company photos
Page 1 of 3
Previous
Next
October 25, 2021
October 25, 2021
October 25, 2021
Show more